rename ObjectValue to StreamValue in text. (#146)
ghostdogpr/caliban: vuepress/docs/docs/README.md

val api = graphQL(RootResolver(queries, mutations, subscriptions))
```

> All the fields of the subscription root case class MUST return `ZStream` or `? => ZStream` objects. When a subscription request is received, an output stream of `ResponseValue` will be returned wrapped in an `StreamValue`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the fields of the subscription root case class MUST return `ZStream` or `? => ZStream` objects. When a subscription request is received, an output stream of `ResponseValue` (a `StreamValue`) will be returned wrapped inside an `ObjectValue `.
```

> All the fields of the subscription root case class MUST return `ZStream` or `? => ZStream` objects. When a subscription request is received, an output stream of `ResponseValue` (a `StreamValue`) will be returned wrapped inside an `ObjectValue `.

Reviewer: Oops, I inserted a spurious space before the backtick. Can you remove it?

Author: done.
